guys stretching is not an acceptable
form of recovery let me put it this way
after this video I was sore for close to
9 days by the way if you stretch and you
don't get sore you're probably not
stretching hard enough for an adaptation
to occur it's like doing a squat if you
never make the squat any harder than
this nothing really changes and on the
flip side if you choose a harder
variation that you can only do like two
reps of before failing again nothing
really changes the magic happens when
you choose a variation that you can do a
good amount of reps in and still get
close to failure it's the same thing
with stretching take a deep breath chase
that intensity and then start counting
avoid pain but anyway stretching makes
you sore so you should be treating it
like a workout and you should rest after
stay flexy